doc: Update commands on the Thingy:91 X firmware page (#22963)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/thingy91x/thingy91x_updating_fw_programmer.rst

         .. code-block:: console

            nrfutil device program --firmware dfu_application.zip --serial-number <Thingy:91 X Serial number>

>       See `Programming application firmware using MCUboot serial recovery`_ to update the nRF9151 SiP application firmware over the MCUboot serial recovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      For more information about this nRF Util command, see `Programming application firmware firmware using MCUboot serial recovery`_ in the tool documentation.
```
